hi everyone welcome to my day and today
was car hunting day as you will have
known if you watched my weekend video we
did some car hunting over the weekend
and today was actually a breath of fresh
air really was a stark contrast to the
cars that we looked at over the weekend
especially on Sunday where we became
quite disappointed with the fact that we
were looking at cars that looked good in
the photos were described as good yet
were far from good when we actually got
to either just looking at them or indeed
on the test drives that we did now today
we actually went back to see a couple of
cars that we had looked at the weekend
but the garage that we visited was
actually closed on a Sunday so we'd only
seen them from the outside to check like
the bodywork and things like that and
the details of the car of course and one
of the two cars was the favorite that we
went to see today and it was a Toyota
AYGO so little car it's gotta be a
little cove ln gym because insurance for
new drivers is so expensive very very
expensive but anyway I digress i would
let you know a little bit more about the
car so it's a little tight or i go it
drove really nicely there are a few
little bits that weren't a hundred
percent on it but the difference between
where we went to like the establishment
we went to today and the ones we looked
at the weekend was that the gentleman we
spoke to who was the owner didn't want
to let the car go today the ones we
looked out the weekend we could have
just paid for and driven away and what
this particular person said really
installed a lot of confidence in them as
a business because he didn't want to let
the car go he wanted us if we wanted to
buy it he wanted us just to leave a very
small deposit like very small like 50
pound or 100 pound and he wanted to do a
service check the brake check the tires
give it a full valley the problem that
we
indicated with the car was the clutch
was quite high so he wants to either
readjust the clutch or if it's not
adjustable to fit a brand new clutch as
well and put tacks on it for mot it was
just really nice condition one year
older than the the newest one we looked
out over the weekend and a little bit
dearer but I think that's really good
all and it comes with years warranty so
if anything goes wrong within the first
year we're okay to go back to him and
they will put it right so really good
and only one owner popped from main
dealer it was a main dealer supplied and
then it had one owner so yeah very very
happy and Dean it just goes to show that
because we buy did our time and didn't
jump in on the first few cars that we
looked at and just make that sort of
snap decision we thought no there's
plenty of cars out there let's keep
looking they really did pay off or not
although we haven't got the car yet
because it's now being prepared I am
happy that my daughters at least got a
car with a good engine good brakes good
bodywork that safe and safety is of
paramount importance I'm so worried even
though she's passed her test as a parent
I'm just really worried about her
driving you know until she becomes a bit
more experienced driver but at least now
she can get around to her work and I
school under her own steam so or petrol
because it doesn't run on Steam this one
of course but anyway I also want to talk
to you about insurance now insurance
probably the world over but our own
legal experience of insurance quotes in
the UK for my insurance it always seemed
like they said yeah when you get five
years older than five years more
experience your insurance will go down
and then you got to that stage and it
works yet your insurance i go down next
year and although it did gradually go
down as I've built up my no claims bonus
insurance is still very expensive and
for new drivers is very expensive Indian
I mean so so expensive the only one we
found that brought the cost down was
from direct line where they fit this
drive plus box I think it's called
sighing like a telly
mattox box but it it basically measures
how the driver is driving whether
they're breaking hard they're sort of
acceleration and overall speed and
things like that it measures and then I
assume that because you're getting a
reduced premium for having this box
fitted that if your child who's driving
or the person driving the car drives
outside of those particular settings in
the box it actually will report back to
the insurance company and I also assume
that they would then get back in contact
with you and say hey you know you've got
worn in here because you'll not drive
him safely you're driving too fast if
you keep repeat offending on this I
would assume that they would put your
premium up but it sounds like a really
good idea and should encourage the
younger driver to drive more safely so
good technology I think it's a really
really worthwhile and something else
with regards to safety in cars that
we're definitely going to look at having
fitted is a Bluetooth hands-free kit so
that if my daughter gets a call while
she's driving at least she hasn't got
fiddle about her phone which is so
tempting to everyone who's driving
you've got to be really strict with
yourself from concentrate on the road in
front and other people around you and
other cars to not be distracted by
fiddling with your mobile phone apart
from it being illegal very very
dangerous so we're definitely going to
get some sort of Bluetooth hands-free
kit fitted as well so that's it that has
been my day I have spent some money
which is a good feeling actually because
it's giving my daughter some
independence I'm really proud of her we
shall do exactly the same when my son
expresses an interest in driving and
passes his test we will help you in
exactly the same way because we
absolutely love our kids they're very
respectful and we don't want doing that
so it's just something that we like to
give them their independence anyway and
it makes a big difference than having
them waiting for buses especially when
it's dark as well so really good day
very very tiring again but very
fulfilling so thanks for watching my
video thank
taking the time out your day to sit and
watch what is nearly seven minutes of me
rambling on but I hope you found
something interesting anyway let me know
what you thought about the telematics or
drive plus blocks and if you've got any
experience of that and insurance for
young drivers let me know in the
comments section below I'll see you all
again tomorrow